[WEIN] So, this is the
setup we're looking at.
Conflict broke out between
Natra and Delunio,
and Delunio's ally Soljest was
honor-bound to get involved.
And yet, as things stand
now, the only country
taking action against
Natra is Soljest.
I wouldn't be all that surprised
if Delunio was hoping
for Soljest and Natra to
wear each other down.
[yawns]
War can be unbearably tedious.
I really had gotten my hopes
up that the young prince
would have some kind
of trick up his sleeve,
but from the looks of things...
[MESSENGER A] Your Majesty!
Our scouts spotted the Natrans!
They number seven
to eight thousand,
but the prince doesn't
seem to be among them!
Ah... He's likely gone to seek
reconciliation with Delunio
as a means of hindering
our advance.
Of course, he hasn't got a
prayer with Sirgis. Still,
it seems as though I won't get
to face the prince in battle.
Oh! An ambush, eh?
I'm going to claim your head!
[GRUYERE yells]
[NATRAN SOLDIERS shout]
[NATRAN SOLDIERS groan]
[GRUYERE laughs]
I'd say things
are finally starting to
get a little interesting!
[BOTH grunt]
[NATRAN SOLDIERS yell]
[GRUYERE grunting]
[GRUYERE laughs]
Yes, this is lovely!
[ZENOVIA]
Will we be able to win the war?
[WEIN]
I'm not sure.
For now, all we can do is focus
on the enemy in front of us.
What a pleasant surprise,
to have two such
esteemed visitors as yourselves
pay a call upon our kingdom.
You honor us with your presence.
Very gracious of you to
receive us on such short notice.
You have our thanks.
Please don't feel badly,
because after all,
I barged in on you, and
turnabout is fair play.
Seems that a territorial dispute
between Delunio and Marden
has resulted in war.
So, we have come here to
discuss whether there is
any possibility of resolving
the matter without bloodshed.
I see. Well, how
very interesting.
I believe that this dispute
is just an unfortunate
misunderstanding, and that there
is room here to talk it over
between the two of us.
I sincerely hope you
feel the same way.
Now isn't that funny.
When we sent out a
legitimate request for you
to return the land you borrowed
from us, I could have sworn
it was you who didn't
want to talk about it.
As far as Delunio is concerned,
the matter has already been
resolved to our satisfaction.
What do you mean by that?
[SIRGIS]
Well, you see,
once Soljest has successfully
taken possession
of the land that rightfully
belongs to Delunio,
they're going to be kind
enough to return it to us.
[ZENOVIA gasps]
[SIRGIS]
And so, that being the case,
I have nothing to gain
from negotiating with you.
[ZENOVIA] Apparently, the
alliance between Delunio
and Soljest is stronger
than I thought.
But I've got to come up with
a way to pull them apart.
If I don't, both Natra
and Marden will suffer.
I do understand your position.
However, I wonder if things
will really work out that way.
You can't be holding out hope
that Natra might defeat Soljest.
I'm afraid that's impossible.
[ZENOVIA] That's precisely
why you should be concerned!
Soljest is powerful.
Just think about it.
As you said,
they'll get through this easily,
and after their victory,
they're only going to grow
stronger and more influential.
[SIRGIS]
Hm...
[ZENOVIA] The future I'm
describing would be disastrous
for Delunio. Surely, he'll want
to avoid it, which means--
You make an extremely
compelling point,
I have to give you that much.
But Soljest has promised
to return our land to us,
you must understand
that's not something
we can simply brush aside.
[ZENOVIA]
Here goes!
Marden is prepared
to offer Delunio
a piece of land twice the
size of what you lent us!
[SIRGIS]
Huh...
[WEIN] That was a bold move
you just made, Zenovia.
Giving up that land
will cost you,
both economically
and militarily.
Your support among your
people will suffer,
as will Marden's standing
in the eyes of Natra.
But at this moment...
[ZENOVIA] The most pressing
issue that lies before us
is to halt this invasion
by robbing Soljest
of their standing.
To make that happen, I'll do
whatever needs to be done!
If there's nothing else,
Marchioness Zenovia,
then I'm afraid it looks as
though we're done here.
[ZENOVIA gasps]
[SIRGIS] At this point, there is
honestly nothing you could
possibly do or say to convince
me to change course.
[ZENOVIA]
Then, I've failed.
[SIRGIS] All her protestations
have come to nothing.
Soljest is going to win and
return our land to us.
And when I turn
around and donate
that land to the Levetians,
they're certain to
make me a Holy Elite!
With our venerable land,
our devout populace,
and our traditional culture,
Delunio already serves
as the guiding light
of the continent.
If its leader were to
become a Holy Elite,
our great kingdom would
be truly unassailable.
Ah, the future is
looking bright, indeed.
[ZENOVIA gasps]
Well, Sir Sirgis.
It's time to discuss
the real reason I'm here.
And that is?
What do you say the two
of us get out of here
and go kill King
Gruyere right now?
[SIRGIS]
Huh?!
[GRUYERE]
Hm. The Natrans aren't budging
from their defensive formation.
[sighs] Here that ambush got me
all worked up, and now this.
If this keeps up much longer,
my men will grow impatient.
Should the situation remain
unchanged tomorrow,
then we'll crush them
with a full-frontal assault.
[SCOUT A] Your Majesty!
The Natrans are on the move!
They've abandoned their
camp and are in retreat!
[SOLJEST SOLDIER A]
Natra has given up!
[SOLJEST SOLDIER B ]
Once again, our exalted king
has claimed victory
on the battlefield!
[SOLJEST SOLDIER C]
Soljest has won the day!
[SOLJEST SOLDIERS cheer]
[SIRGIS] Really, Prince Wein,
what in the world led you
to believe I'd have any
interest in working with you
to kill King Gruyere?
As Lady Zenovia said,
from this point on,
Soljest would only continue
to grow more powerful.
That's not going to be
good for either of us.
The continued fighting.
So many innocent civilians
being displaced.
Or losing their lives.
To even think about it pains
my heart more than I can bear.
So that's it, I can certainly
understand how your concern
for the safety and
welfare of your people
would compel you to
propose such a thing.
I'm afraid that,
under the circumstances,
I couldn't possibly side
with you against Soljest.
I would, however,
be willing to offer asylum
to any refugees
who flee your land.
Oh? How kind of you!
[SIRGIS] Well, we do share the
same continent, after all.
It would be unthinkable
to refuse sanctuary
to those affected by
the horrors of war.
In that case, I'll gratefully
send them your way.
There shouldn't be any more
than around 800,000 or so!
What? Eight hundred thousand?
As we've already discussed,
Soljest has a clear
military advantage.
In the face of their superior
numbers and tactics,
the outcome isn't a matter
of "if," but "when."
Ultimately, the Kingdom
of Natra will fall.
In situations such as this,
policymakers must ensure
the security of their people.
And so, it's my job to figure
out a way to keep them
all safe and sound.
That's what it comes down to.
We could accept hundreds,
maybe even thousands,
but 800,000 is ridiculous!
There is no way we can
accommodate such a number!
Well, of course you can't.
But I'm still gonna
send them anyway.
I'm warning you, if I have
to deploy the military
to keep my kingdom from
being overrun, I'll do it!
We'll cut them down without
mercy if we have to!
Tens of thousands of your
citizens are going to die
before they even have a chance
to set foot in Delunio!
Do you truly want to be
responsible for that?
Now, that's an
interesting theory.
Are you really sure your army
will be up to it, though?
Meaning?
The color yellow is
pretty striking, isn't it?
What are you blathering about?
Something to do with
the garish fashion trend
that's taken hold, I suppose?
The flower that dye is made from
just happens to be poisonous.
[SIRGIS]
What?
So, whenever a person wears
clothing that has been treated
with this particular yellow dye,
the poison slowly works its way
into their system,
gradually weakening them
until they perish.
You expect me to believe the
toxin you're describing is real?
They'll wonder, maybe
it could be a plague,
or perhaps even a curse.
All across Delunio, people
in the prime of their lives
will start dropping dead.
Fear and confusion will give
rise to baseless rumors.
And people will try
to flee the kingdom.
It will be more than
your military can handle.
That's when I'll unleash
800,000 Natrans upon you!
Food and supplies
will run short,
and your cities will
cease to function.
That precious culture
of yours will collapse
as the destitute people of
Delunio take it upon themselves
to expel the Natran interlopers.
The Natrans will
resist, of course,
causing violence to
erupt across the land
and all semblance of
order to break down.
Your army will be overcome.
Meanwhile, word of your horrible
mistreatment of our refugees
will spread like wildfire,
providing your neighboring
kingdoms all the pretext
they need to invade.
And at that point, Delunio's
goose is pretty much cooked.
[WEIN] Yeah, right.
What you said is true,
there's no such poison
as the one I described.
But is that something
you can afford
to take a gamble on, Sir Sirgis?
[ZENOVIA]
He may actually be a monster.
In the name of
destroying his enemy,
he's actually threatening to
sacrifice his own kingdom.
How can such a diabolical idea
come from one born
of royal blood?
[SIRGIS] There's no way
you can pull off something
so preposterous! How could you
possibly organize a contingent
of 800,000 Natrans to
descend upon Delunio?
I did it with 30,000.
[SIRGIS gasps]
[SIRGIS]
That's right,
I'd forgotten about what he
pulled off in Mealtars.
Eight hundred thousand is on a
whole other level from 30,000.
Even so, this means it
wouldn't be unprecedented.
So why shouldn't I have your
head right here and now?
The one who led the
30,000 Mealtarians
was my sister Falanya,
I simply helped.
[SIRGIS growls]
And I've left her instructions
to do the same with the
populace of Natra if anything
were to happen to me here.
So, what'll you do now?
[SIRGIS grunting]
[OFFICIAL A] Sir Sirgis!
We've just received a report
from the battlefield. Soljest
has won an early victory.
Natra's army has been routed!
[SIRGIS gasps]
Wow, I knew Soljest's
army was impressive,
but this is really something
else. At this rate,
they'll be marching on
the gates of our capital
before long, and you
know what that means!
Tell me everything you know!
I want details!
Well, Soljest gave chase
and that's about all
we know right now.
[growls] Then go find out more!
[OFFICIAL A]
Yes, sir!
[RAKLUM]
General Hagal! Lady Ninym!
[HAGAL] Looks like you had
a pretty rough time of it.
I've had worse than this before.
[HAGAL] I wouldn't push your
luck. Whatever the case,
I'm glad you made it
back in one piece.
[RAKLUM laughs] His Highness's
ambush plan worked just
as he intended it. However,
to my great shame,
I must report that we were
not able to slay the king.
Please don't take it to heart.
When hunting such big game,
it can be quite difficult
to take them down
in one single strike.
Is there any indication
that Soljest has figured out
His Highness's plan yet?
Ah, that wouldn't be possible.
Not even the most
zealous warrior,
in his wildest imagination,
could guess what the
prince is thinking.
[CLAUDIUS] You should be aware
that detailed and accurate
communication between the
homeland and the battlefield
is a complicated enterprise.
News takes time to travel,
and those reporting back
from the front lines have a
tendency to want to frame
that news in the
best light possible.
And so, though in reality both
sides took relatively light
losses and fell back, the
first report Delunio receives
will be that Natra was
defeated by Soljest.
Seems like my brother had
the whole thing mapped out
from every angle before
he even departed
for Delunio, doesn't it?
That's right.
The travel speed of Soljest and
Natra's respective armies,
as well as the day, time,
and location of the battle.
The distance to
Delunio's capital,
how quickly it
could be traversed
by a swift steed, and
the diplomacy schedule.
He took all of that
into account to ensure
that the first report
would arrive during his
negotiations with Sir Sirgis.
Timing out an army's retreat to
affect when it will be reported.
That sounds difficult.
It should be impossible.
However, that word doesn't
seem to apply to him.
[WEIN]
Woo! Talk about perfect timing!
I can't believe
that report arrived
just when I needed it to!
Are you insane? What kind
of negotiation is this?
Do you care nothing
for your people?
I treasure them,
and I trust them as well.
With all of my heart, so no
matter where they end up,
I'm confident in their ability
to forge a new future.
Such is the strength
of my people.
[SIRGIS]
It's not possible.
For a prince regent to cook up
a devilish scheme like this
and be willing to get his
own people mixed up
in the execution of it...
It's not possible!
It's just not--
It is possible.
[SIRGIS]
It's possible?
Well, knowing him,
maybe it is, at that.
[SIRGIS] Say it isn't so!
This can't be happening!
I'm going to become
a Holy Elite!
For the glory of my kingdom
and its people!
I can't lose like this!
It may interest you to know
there's an antidote
at the ready.
[SIRGIS]
Huh?
[SIRGIS] An antidote? Really?
If I could get my hands on it,
I'd be able to save
the people of Delunio,
who mean so much to me.
[WEIN] In all likelihood, the
Natran army has regrouped
after its initial retreat and
has resumed combat with Soljest.
And our strategy
is going to be for Delunio
to strike from the rear.
[gasping]
[SOLJEST SOLDIER D] That retreat
turned out to be a feint.
They surprised us by joining
up with another force
in a fortified position.
[SOLDIERS grunting]
[screaming]
[SOLJEST SOLDIER D] Come on,
they still have troops up above!
[SOLJEST SOLDIER E]
We are the army of Soljest!
We have nothing to fear!
[SOLJEST SOLDIERS yell]
[GRUYERE]
Oh... Boring.
[HAGAL] They've broken through
our first and second lines
of defense. And the way
our numbers are dwindling,
we won't be able
to re-form them.
Sooner or later,
this fortress will fall.
You know, I don't think it will.
[GRUYERE]
Hm?
[laughs]
Looks like we made it
in time after all.
[SCOUT B]
Attention, all troops!
We have a new enemy
approaching from the southwest!
And they're flying
the banner of Delunio!
[SCOUT C] The Natrans are
making a sortie from their fort!
Front line requesting
reinforcements!
[SOLJEST SOLDIER F]
Delunio and Natra
appear to be working together!
Well done, young prince!
You turned Delunio!
Quite a magnificent
move, indeed!
[SOLJEST SOLDIER F] We'll be
caught in a pincer move,
Your Majesty! Luckily, there's
an opening to the north!
We still have time to flee!
What the hell are you talking
about? We are not going to flee!
We're going to charge Delunio!
Troops, with me! Now!
[SOLJEST SOLDIERS yell]
[GRUYERE] If we can cut our
way through the Delunians,
then we can use them
as a barrier
against the Natran onslaught.
When they collide, there'll be
chaos and naturally both sides
will need some time
to recover from that.
Meanwhile, we'll reverse course
and take out the leaders
of both armies!
[laughing]
[WEIN]
Gotcha.
[GRUYERE yelling]
[RAKLUM, HAGAL grunt]
Ahh...
Sorry for my rudeness.
No objections here!
[yells]
[GRUYERE groans]
[SOLJEST SOLDIERS murmuring]
[SOLJEST SOLDIER G]
King Gruyere. He's been--
[NATRAN SOLDIERS cheer]
[WEIN]
Excuse me.
[gasps] King Gruyere.
Could that really be you?
What's going on here?
Well now, the young prince.
It's been a while!
[WEIN] Uh-huh...
You've changed quite a bit
since the last time I saw you.
I take it you mean this
scrawny little body?
It's just my metabolism.
Whenever I'm injured
or overworked,
the pounds just start falling
away like you wouldn't believe.
Now, what are you doing here?
Has the date of my
execution been set?
Truth is, I'm not
going to execute you.
Blows were exchanged,
but only because we were
victims of circumstance.
Even after all this,
it's still my desire
to form an alliance
with Soljest.
[GRUYERE] Hmm. But aren't you
going to have to execute me
for the purposes of
appeasing Delunio?
[WEIN] I don't think that
will be necessary.
I'm planning talks between
our three kingdoms,
where execution will be
off the table entirely.
Interesting.
Though I imagine you'll run into
some opposition from Sirgis.
[WEIN] He's been deposed.
I mean, it was Sir Sirgis
who took the initiative
to ally with Soljest.
Then he immediately
betrayed that alliance
by joining forces with Natra.
And with that did the great
and powerful Sir Sirgis
orchestrate the destruction
of his own political career.
Or in other words, Natra
wanted to avoid a war with
the Levetians, and Soljest
hoped to prevent my execution.
So naturally our two kingdoms
worked together to
take down Sirgis.
[WEIN] Now, then, if you'd be
so kind as to sign these.
Once you've done that,
there's a group waiting
to escort you back home.
[GRUYERE]
Hm...
[WEIN]
Hm?
On reflection, I think
I would rather die here.
I'm the master of
my own fate, thus,
I will not have my life
spared for your scheme.
[WEIN] Seriously?
But that's going to mean...
Yes. There'll be all-out war
between Natra
and the Levetians.
Quite the pickle
you've ended up in!
Though I'll be dead,
so it's none of my business.
[WEIN]
You've gotta be kidding me!
He's prepared to give up his
life in a last-ditch effort
to gain the upper hand?
How brilliantly dirty!
However, I would be willing to
return home under one condition.
And that is what?
Reveal to me the true nature
of the beast deep within you.
What do you mean? What beast?
Every one of us has a beast
residing inside of us.
Call it desire,
if you so prefer.
From the moment I laid eyes on
you, I've been dying to know
what it is that inner
beast of yours feeds on.
What does it want?
If you're willing
to tell me that,
then I'm willing to give you
your three-kingdom talks.
[inaudible]
[GRUYERE grunting]
Is that the truth?
You can believe me or
not, it's all up to you.
I will say this much, though,
if you allow yourself
to be executed here,
that means you're never
going to get the opportunity
to find out for sure.
Now isn't that so?
[laughing] You got me!
I surrender!
You're absolutely right,
I have to stay alive so I
can see the truth for myself!
I will be looking forward to it!
Good.
[GRUYERE] No doubt there are
many others besides me who are
eager to see where your
inner beast takes you.
Let's find out just
how far you make it
across this chaotic
continent of ours!
I'll be watching your next
move with great interest--
Wein Salema Arbalest,
crown prince of the
Kingdom of Natra!
[NINYM]
Another all-nighter.
[sneezes]
[WEIN]
Good morning, Ninym.
Good morning, Prince Wein.
[yawns]
[NINYM]
The financial report is ready.
[WEIN]
Huh? Are we in the black?
Let's see here.
Our war costs were all covered
by the reparations.
And the operation to bring down
Sirgis and buy back the land
Zenovia surrendered turned out
to be relatively inexpensive,
which is good.
Your conflict with Gruyere
is what's gonna cost us.
He's a Holy Elite.
So now, the Levetians are
giving Natra the cold shoulder.
And their pilgrims are
going out of their way
to avoid passing through Marden,
so trade income has
taken a nosedive.
[gasps]
[NINYM] On the plus side,
at least the turnaround
will keep Marden in check
for the time being.
But wait! No! What about Natra's
unprecedented boom times?
They went bust.
But what about
milking my position
for everything it's worth?
What about my life
in the lap of luxury?
[NINYM]
Kiss it goodbye.
[WEIN grunting]
[WEIN yelps]
And now that we've
settled all that,
you've got a lot of work
to get started on.
[WEIN screaming]
I really can't wait to
sell this kingdom!